Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.”
“So many books, so little time.”
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.” 
“A room without books is like a body without a soul.”
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.” 
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” 
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” 
“In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.” 
“If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.” 
“Friendship ... is born at the moment when one man says to another "What! You too? I thought that no one but myself . . .” 
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” 
“If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.”
“Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.” 
“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.”
“We accept the love we think we deserve.” 
“Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.” 
“It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.”
“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.” 
“The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.” 
“It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.” 
“As he read, I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once.” 
“Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.” 
“Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.”
“In the planning stage of a book, don't plan the ending. It has to be earned by all that will go before it.” 
“A goal without a plan is just a wish.” 
“The future is already here – it's just not evenly distributed."
“Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.” 
“You can't plow a field simply by turning it over in your mind.”
“Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.” 
“Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes; but no plans.”
“The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining."
“Always, Always have a plan” 
“Plans are of little importance, but planning is essential.” 
“The intelligent have plans; the wise have principles.” 
“Fail to plan, plan to fail.” 
“I wasn't planning to lead, I was standing in the back and then everyone turned around.” 